hello there welcome to something weird
so I wanted to try this a while ago it's
running a train in as many rooms as I
can before I die I'll honey map really I
just shows route cuz I'm an idiot so um
first place i'm going to try the train
is this hallway ish area by double tap
and you'll see that it's not easy crew
training at least amount World War it's
easier here but training if I were to do
this on black ops I'd be dead I'll just
say that and i'm not using any super
power weapon since there is none first
of all for world of war on fruit at
least black ops eyes which is how which
is it's half a wonder weapon yeah and
you see me doing these like things i
don't know why they were fun tho except
at first like i just use them to get
around little corners but it's like I
like spinning my house for no reason so
yeah this is a first spot and it is done
so up right now I'm running to oh wait
zombies like I'm just gonna run into
blah blah blah yeah that's okay so okay
now I'm going to the kitchen the kitchen
yes and I just liked so the kitchen is
the next place I'm gonna train and um
yeah I'm around 28 I'd say if you want
to try this up go anywhere from around
25 that's around that you should try
yeah I'm just I'm just saying things so
yeah I do this this is the place where
I'd normally train both does he have
have that yeah I traded when I don't
really do this in the this room right
here and the speed Cola room which
you'll see I have to fall back to
eventually cuz this train is not good
and yeah that wasn't there anything it's
yeah it's this time I couldn't made it
through that gap but nope okay so I got
most of them come on come on I got most
of its ok and now i'm gonna leave the
room and then yeah we're just gonna
count that as i passed because I got
most from ok ok ok that one's job yeah
um so I know one thing i found
interesting though actually I'll
probably open you are never on I'm not
going to talk about it anymore because
you don't deserve to know so I think
yeah now i'm going to speed Cola speed
Cola to train and I actually make it
through quite a few places this area
right here kitchen / speed is best place
to Train if you know how that is if you
don't know how you're gonna get screwed
so let me add that rope that window
right there is never open cuz the door
behind me which I don't show up if you
don't open that which I didn't have open
for the whole game there it is if you
don't open that um you'll never have
that window access because what happens
is they go for the window like I don't
know how you really say by the other
trap not the one that i'm using they go
by that window for some reason the one
accessing the courtyard I don't know why
don't ask me zombies are just weird also
may be wondering why I'm not posting
those daily videos anymore um I don't
have as much access to computer is amiss
so yeah I'll just say that so I can't do
it as much do editing out videos cuz I
spent like two hours at in each of those
videos these Hummers just said to kill
themselves I don't know
they didn't like running I'd be like him
to run in circles then I'm tired fall to
my death I just shot sandbags yeah
sandbags so I'm just gonna hear all
zombies and I think I don't die max
around actually surprisingly you're
probably thinking where else can you run
Thomson room no too good for the
Thompson room actually I I feel at the
Thompson room I'm running respond both
spots to be exact so um yeah let's do
this I really don't have any strategies
for these rooms I just started running
it's more entertaining that way for some
reason I also up if you want to uh you
can tell me what map one of the neck
stick is this thing doesn't take that
long that I was on grouped actually any
if I was on if you look there if you say
knock knock or she kno know what those
ones will be pretty easy but the other
ones that actually takes some time to
get to 25 + coz they have respawning
zombies that's normal Lydia yeah so I
think I've got all of the zombies now
and I oh wait oh okay so uh you should
suggest map below below my face I'll
I'll put my face in there somewhere
yeah do that and say yeah then you'll
get to see whatever map I do next and
it'll be fun and yep round 30 complete
and I wonder if I'm gonna live that way
around third is not complete wait there
you are hello okay and my screen just
went black so that's cool hopefully
didn't for you so um yeah I he revived I
actually can't tell what's happening
right now I'm gonna pause this my eyes
they've been cured because I can see now
yeah so apparently I'm training in the
Thomson ER and doesn't seem like the
video as much more length so that's not
a good sign okay so Thompson room most
of you probably think this is the best
possible place to Train like it's not
this place I'm doing it probably wrong
just running in a circle anywhere like a
plane circled it's a bad idea but oh
yeah hi yeah I very soon which is sad no
suggestion if you're gonna actually run
don't do any of the train that I've
shown so far do a combination of the
kitchen and I'm going to get overrun and
here's right like when you get over go
to the speed build a room can train
there because you can do some u-shaped
things there if can't do a circle so
yeah it's over in there's a black screen